Improve consistency (#98)
networkx/nx-guides: content/algorithms/traversal/index.md

    node_size=500,
    font_size=10,
    font_weight="bold",
)
plt.show()
```

Given this, what procedure should we use to search/traverse a graph? There are 2 major ways to do this: BFS and DFS. 

## BFS

+++

Consider the problem from above. Starting from node 2 in green, how do we search for node 9 in red?

+++

One way to go about it is as follows: from a start node, check all neighbors of that node. Repeat for each neighbor (i.e. checking all of its neighbors), and on and on. In the process, ensure you only visit nodes that have not already been visited. Intuitively, you are searching in a 'breadth-first' fashion: checking all the neighbors of vertices (surveying all your options) without committing to a single 'branch' and deep diving into it. See the pseudocode below:

+++

```
BFS(G, start):
    let Q be a queue
    label start as explored
    Q.enqueue(start)
    while Q is not empty do
        v := Q.dequeue()
        if v is the goal then
            return v
        for all edges from v to w in G.adjacentEdges(v) do
            if w is not labeled as explored then
                label w as explored
                w.parent := v
                Q.enqueue(w)

>  ```

Author: I think these are all fair points, adding them as changes right now.

+++

```
// ITERATIVE APPROACH    
    dfs-iterative (G, src):    //Where G is graph and src is source vertex
        let st be stack
        st.push(src)             //Inserting src in stack 
        mark s as visited
        while (st is not empty):
            //Pop a vertex from stack to visit next
            v  =  st.top( )
            st.pop( )
            //Push all the neighbours of v in stack that are not visited   
            for all neighbours w of v in Graph G:
                if w is not visited :
                    st.push(w)         
                    mark w as visited

// RECURSIVE APPROACH
    dfs-recursive(G, src):
        mark src as visited
        for all neighbours w of src in Graph G:
            if w is not visited:
                DFS-recursive(G, w)

> ```

Author: Yup I think adding a visited parameter makes more sense,  added one.

pos1 = nx.spectral_layout(G)
nx.draw(
    G,
    pos1,
    with_labels=True,
    node_color="skyblue",
    node_size=1000,
    font_size=0,
    font_weight="bold",
    ax=ax1,
    arrows=True,
)
ax1.set_title("Graph with DFS Postorder Node Labels")

# Draw the graph on the right with DFS preorder node labels
preorder_nodes = list(nx.dfs_preorder_nodes(G, source=1))
pos2 = nx.spectral_layout(G)
nx.draw(
    G,
    pos2,
    with_labels=True,
    node_color="skyblue",
    node_size=1000,
    font_size=0,
    font_weight="bold",
    ax=ax2,
    arrows=True,
)
ax2.set_title("Graph with DFS Preorder Node Labels")

# Label nodes with DFS postorder and preorder numbers
node_labels_postorder = {node: f"{i}" for i, node in enumerate(postorder_nodes, 1)}
node_labels_preorder = {node: f"{i}" for i, node in enumerate(preorder_nodes, 1)}

nx.draw_networkx_labels(
    G,
    pos1,
    labels=node_labels_postorder,
    font_size=10,
    font_color="red",
    font_weight="bold",
    ax=ax1,
)
nx.draw_networkx_labels(
    G,
    pos2,
    labels=node_labels_preorder,
    font_size=10,
    font_color="red",
    font_weight="bold",
    ax=ax2,
)

plt.tight_layout()
plt.show()
```

> DFS postorder is an ordering in which we visit a node's children first before processing the node itself. Starting from the source node, we traverse deeper into the graph, visiting all the child nodes before processing the current node. Once all the child nodes are visited, we backtrack and process the current node. This order is often used to compute the size of subtrees and perform tasks that depend on information from the children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DFS postorder is a node ordering in which we report a node's children first before reporting the node itself. Starting from the source node, we traverse deeper into the graph, visiting all the child nodes before reporting the current node. Once all the child nodes are visited, we backtrack and report the current node. This order is often used to compute the size of subtrees and perform tasks that depend on information from the children.
```

> On the other hand, DFS preorder is an ordering in which we process the current node before visiting its children. We start from the source node, process it, then move to its first child, process it, and so on, until all children are processed. Only then do we backtrack and continue processing other children of the parent node. This order is useful for tasks that require processing nodes before their children, such as copying the entire tree structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, DFS preorder is a node ordering in which we process the current node before visiting its children. We start from the source node, process it, then move to its first child, process it, and so on, until all first children are processed. Only then do we backtrack one edge and continue processing other children of that parent node. This order is useful for tasks that require processing nodes before their children, such as copying the entire tree structure.
```
